right the reassuring presence of the
pachyderms the zebras remain on the
alert for predators this steep hadn't
the ideal spot for a nap
the matriarch has picked up on a
suspicious odor
[Music]
[Applause]
in the ensuing panic a zebra's parade it
from the herd he takes refuge in the
water
but the lion not had hesitate to join
him there
the battle seems hopeless yet while his
life hangs by a thread
however slender it might be the zebra
will fight til his dying breath
what happens next was unprecedented
the scene for the record books
a zebra trying to drown a lioness the
woundn't bid on the young stallion
superficial he should survive
the lioness on the other end has been
dealt a more serious blow